README.md, before:

Leaflet.DonutCluster
=====================

A lightweight standalone [Leaflet](https://leafletjs.com)  plugin to display donut charts instead of circles in map when using [Leaflet marker cluster](https://github.com/Leaflet/Leaflet.markercluster). This lib copies the codes which generate the donut svg from [donutjs](https://github.com/finom/donutjs).


**Only depends on Leaflet and Leaflet.markercluster, NOT on other chart library like d3.js**

- [Online Demo -- basic](https://jsfiddle.net/b43c1xkf/1/embedded/result,html/)
- [Online Demo -- sum by field](https://jsfiddle.net/mfxd015b/3/embedded/result,html/)

![cluster map example](screenshot.png)



## Usage
First include the Leaflet.DonutCluster.js, if you want to improve your performance, you could include the optional Leaflet.DonutCluster.css file,  
But you should comment the line 85 in the Leaflet.DonutCluster.js file as well. 
```javascript
text.setAttribute('style', ...)
```
Then use L.DonutCluster to create a markercluster instance.
```javascript
//create the markercluster
var markers = L.DonutCluster(
    //the first parameter is  markercluster's configuration file
    {
        chunkedLoading: true
    }
    //the second parameter is  DonutCluster's configuration file
    , {
    key: 'title', //mandotary, indicates the grouped field, set it in the options of marker
    sumField: 'value', // optional, indicates the value field to sum. set it in the options of marker
    order: ['A', 'D', 'B', 'C'], // optional, indicates the group order.
    title: ['Type A','Type D','Type B','Type C' ], // optional, indicates the group title, when it is an array, the order option must be specified. or use an object.{A:'Type A',D: 'Type D',B:'Type B',C:'Type C' }
    arcColorDict: { // mandotary, the arc color for each group.
        A: 'red',
        B: 'blue',
        C: 'yellow',
        D: 'black'
    }
})
```
Then add the marker into the markercluster.
```javascript
var marker = L.marker(L.latLng(a[0], a[1]), {
    title: title //the value to group
});

...

markers.addLayer(marker);
```

## License

MIT

Commit message:

feat: Add more configuration options (closes #2)

README.md, after:

Leaflet.DonutCluster
=====================

> forked from [akq/Leaflet.DonutCluster](https://github.com/akq/Leaflet.DonutCluster)

A lightweight standalone [Leaflet](https://leafletjs.com) plugin to display donut charts instead of circles in map when using [Leaflet marker cluster](https://github.com/Leaflet/Leaflet.markercluster). This lib copies the codes which generate the donut svg from [donutjs](https://github.com/finom/donutjs).

**Only depends on Leaflet and Leaflet.markercluster, NOT on other chart library like d3.js**

- [Online Demo -- basic](https://jsfiddle.net/b43c1xkf/1/embedded/result,html/)
- [Online Demo -- sum by field](https://jsfiddle.net/mfxd015b/3/embedded/result,html/)

![cluster map example](screenshot.png)

## Usage

First install using `npm install Leaflet.DonutCluster` or `yarn add Leaflet.DonutCluster` and import in your project:
```javascript
import 'Leaflet.DonutCluster/src/Leaflet.DonutCluster.css'
import 'Leaflet.DonutCluster/src/Leaflet.DonutCluster.js'
```
You can also directly include `Leaflet.DonutCluster.js` and `Leaflet.DonutCluster.css` in your HTML pages.

Then use `L.DonutCluster` to create a marker cluster instance with options:
```javascript
//create the markercluster
var markers = L.DonutCluster(
    //the first parameter is  markercluster's configuration file
    {
        chunkedLoading: true
    }
    //the second parameter is  DonutCluster's configuration file
    , {
    key: 'title', //mandotary, indicates the grouped field, set it in the options of marker
    sumField: 'value', // optional, indicates the value field to sum. set it in the options of marker
    order: ['A', 'D', 'B', 'C'], // optional, indicates the group order.
    title: ['Type A','Type D','Type B','Type C' ], // optional, indicates the group title, when it is an array, the order option must be specified. or use an object.{A:'Type A',D: 'Type D',B:'Type B',C:'Type C' }
    arcColorDict: { // mandotary, the arc color for each group.
        A: 'red',
        B: 'blue',
        C: 'yellow',
        D: 'black'
    }
})
```
Then add the marker into the marker cluster:
```javascript
var marker = L.marker(L.latLng(a[0], a[1]), {
    title: title //the value to group
});

...

markers.addLayer(marker);
```

## License

MIT
